the past 18 months has produced the most
monumental shift in education in decades
we've seen years of digital transformation take
place in just months it was quite remarkable in
schools around the world rapidly transitioned to
remote and hybrid learning i saw it myself with
my four children it was incredible each one of
them in a different stage in life and learning
and each one of them learning
and working a different way
as we think about that windows 11 was designed
with this exact scenario in mind the design
the fundamentals and the features they're all
there to empower teachers and students to learn
collaborate create together in a secure and
probably most importantly a trusted environment
we also want to connect each of them to both
the people and the information that they need
while also offering greater accessibility like
i said and i'll say it again more security and
more apps to meet the needs of each one of these
learners like my four kids they're so different
and having that variety matters so much and here's
here's what's awesome no matter where they are
teachers and students alike can choose from a
huge ecosystem of devices and it's about choice
and what they can do with that device and how they
want to use it and each one of them will be ready
for windows 11. i can't wait for our students
and teachers to get their hands on these products